Did you want to become a hero that badly?
To save Eri that badly, Lemillion?
"Villain - Overhaul - Quirk: Overhaul"
It's all a filthy disease of our time.
I'll fix guys like you.
"Eri"
With Eri's power.
Nighteye...
Tamaki...
Everyone!
--Chisaki!
--I thought I told you I threw that name away!
"A few minutes ago"
It's nice that the living maze is done,
but it's hard to tell where we are now.
"Pro Hero - Sir Nighteye - Quirk: Foresight"
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
I know what direction Eri's room is in.
Irinaka! Put the walls back in order! Hurry!
"Villain - Joi Irinaka - Quirk: Mimicry"
Hey...
The drugs probably wore off.
He shouldn't be able to enter and
control objects bigger than a fridge!
If he gets a big enough boost,
it's not impossible, huh?
Fat Gum's guess was right.
Irinaka doesn't have enough
power to do that anymore.
But there's still Toga and Twice...
"Villain - Himiko Toga - Quirk: Transform"
The League of Villains
must be hiding somewhere!
"Villain - Twice - Quirk: Double"
Toga...
Toga... Twice...
I won't forgive you!
You traitors!
Where are the other League members?
The hell if I know!
I'll definitely find them all!
I break open the skulls
of all the League bastards!
Which means, those two were
the only ones here, huh?
There's no sign of the
League coming to attack us...
But it's hard to believe they're on
our side just because they betrayed Irinaka.
The League of Villains is wanted
by police across the country.
As police officers, we cannot just ignore them.
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Our biggest worry is the
shadow of the League of Villains.
In case they're wrong,
and the League ends up involved,
then you guys are out.
Mr. Aizawa...!
What're you standing around talking for?
Rock Lock!
"Pro Hero - Rock Lock - Quirk: Lockdown"
Ignore them and move forward!
Leave the League to the police.
What's our top priority?!
He's right. That would be best...
Either way, someone has
to stay behind to restrain Irinaka.
Thanks to that girl, it'll be hard
for me to jump around now.
If you get it, then hurry up
and move your legs!
Ryukyu, and everyone else at the top!
The police who were
separated from us underground!
Suneater!
Red Riot! Fat Gum!
Lemillion!
Now that we've gotten this far,
we're almost there!
Don't waste the time
everyone's worked hard to get!
Go!
I'll definitely get her out, Rock Lock!
I didn't say those words
back then to be disparaging.
I have a wife who's four years younger than me.
And at the end of last year,
the child we'd been wishing for was born.
Genetics went too much in one direction, huh?
Even if they are from U.A., kids are kids.
I was worried.
But when we let them loose, what happened?
Each and every one of them has
acted more like a hero than us adults.
You said you'd get her out, right?
Make sure you do it, Deku!
And you, Nighteye!
Make sure...
...you take responsibility!
There they go.
We should also get out of this space.
Toga, what d'you wanna do now?
Kiss?
A beat-up Izuku... I wanna see it again...
But right now, I want
to make Overhaul cry just about as much.
In that case, I've got...
...no idea!
Lend me your ear!
What is it?
Whisper, whisper.
Jin, that--
That'll make Tomura happy, too!
If Izuku's group and Overhaul happen to meet,
no matter what happens...
The fight between heroes
and the yakuza will be decided.
I hope that at the end of this fight,
both the heroes and
the yakuza will be all beat up.
I'll definitely...
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
...save her!
"Unforeseen Hope"
I erased it!
Nighteye, secure those who need treatment!
Two of Chisaki's inner circle!
There was one more on our way here...
Chisaki on his last legs...
This space wrapped in distorted walls.
Mirio!
Eri is.. behind... me...
It's fine now...
You were amazing.
You were amazing, Mirio.
My Quirk was erased!
Lemillion's cornered him this far!
Keep pressing him!
Yes, sir!
Get up, Chrono!
Deku!
Those pierced by the long hand
will have their movements slowed.
"Villain - Chronostasis"
I meant to skewer both of you at once,
but what else can I expect from heroes?
It took him a while to wake up.
Back then, it's true that Chrono was taken out.
But I repaired his head to heal the damage!
I-I can't stop myself from blinking...
Chisaki!
It's all...
It's all for nothing!
Like I'd let my plan be
ruined by people like this!
Right, Nemoto? You don't want that, do you?
I won't let things end here for me...
Nemoto, you really did a good job...
You would die for my sake, wouldn't you?!
I'll acknowledge with dignity
that you were stronger than me, Lemillion.
But in the end, it all comes to nothing.
Now! I'll have you return Eri!
"Overhaul"
"Quirk: Overhaul"
"He can break apart and restore anything, living or non-living."
"Affiliation: Shie Hassaikai"
"Birthday: Unknown"
"Height: Unknown" "Blood Type: Unknown" "Likes: Unknown"
"Sir Nighteye"
"Quirk: Foresight"
"He can 'see' what his target will do for one hour."
"Affiliation: Pro Hero"
"Birthday: 1/2"
"Height: 200 cm" "Blood Type: AB" "Likes: All Might"
I know much about you,
Erasure Hero: Eraser Head.
We referenced your Quirk a lot
while conducting the research on Eri.
Since I was able to isolate
you without killing you...
That means it must be worth keeping you alive.
Erasing Quirks...
To him, that's an attractive power.
Oh, you should just give up.
You can't move faster than a snail right now.
I pierced you with the short hand,
so it will last for an hour.
"Hari Kurono - Quirk: Chronostasis"
Eight Bullets of the Hassai Group member
and aide to the young head, Hari Kurono.
Quirk: Chronostasis!
He attacks by extending hair
with strands like clock hands!
Those he attacks have their movements slowed!
Once he's decided something,
you can't stop him.
I don't know how much you know,
but Eri is the Hassaikai boss's granddaughter.
If it's for his goal, he'll use anything.
That's the kind of person
the man called Overhaul is.
He destroyed himself and his underling...
...and then fused them together?!
That was the worst feeling,
but it's much better than how I felt before.
I've got to take stock of the situation!
Eri and Togata are
being protected by Nighteye!
I don't see Mr. Aizawa!
Or the person in the white hood!
Chisaki! He fused with his underling.
His injuries from before are gone, too!
I'm obsessive about cleanliness,
so when someone touches me,
it makes my blood boil.
It's the first time it's gotten to this point.
What a sad life you had, Lemillion.
If you hadn't gotten
involved with Eri--with me--
then your Quirk wouldn't be lost forever.
His Quirk...
Lost forever...?!
If you hadn't gotten involved,
you could've kept holding onto your dream.
You lost your Quirk but persevered,
and as a result,
your friends got caught up in this,
and now you're all just going to die.
What? He's able to use his Quirk
even with his subordinate's hands?
Togata...
I can't read his movements...!
If it weren't for my iron soles,
they would've pierced through!
Power and speed... That's all you've got.
I will be his opponent!
Like I'd let you.
Limit the number of his moves and get close!
Don't let him transform the ground!
You go to Lemillion and Eri!
Roger!
Where did Eraser go?!
Your aide isn't here, either?
I'm interested in heroes who can erase Quirks,
so he's been shown to the VIP room!
Someone who finds joy in
destroying other people's Quirks
is afraid of getting his own Quirk erased?
By "forever," do you mean
that you perfected the bullets
and used one on Lemillion?
I thought you were sneaking away
so that you could hide them,
but you must've been very scared of Lemillion!
Listen, Mirio...
Look carefully at your opponent.
Predict his next move.
You mean to see the future?
But my Quirk isn't Foresight.
Good answer! It was humorous.
Experience different situations
and store up that experience.
Rescue, combat, hardship and suffering...
That store will become your database.
I understand, Sir.
Mirio...
You believed in my teaching...
You believed in me, and became strong...
And I'm proud of you.
I've seen...
...the safety of you and
those you want to protect...
Did you see it?
Didn't I tell you that you didn't have
to use your Foresight on me?
Why don't you try to
see things in the far future?
The future I see cannot be changed.
I've tested this many times.
Even if I act completely
differently from the future I saw,
it ends up returning to what I saw,
as if balancing accounts.
The future has never diverged from that.
By using my Foresight, isn't it as if
I'm dictating the future of that person?
If I hadn't used it on All Might,
maybe his future would've changed...
His death...
I...
You're thinking too much.
That might be true.
But I will no longer...
...use my Foresight on anyone else's future.
Even without looking at the result,
by repeating my one-second Foresight,
we can reach the best conclusion
that Mirio and I want!
Eri! Lemillion!
Are you all right?
Can you move?
Yeah...
No problem... right?
I ended up...
...making you sad...
Let's get out of here.
This is the path we took to get here.
We should put some
distance between us and Chisaki!
That's...
...enough...
Each and every action you take kills people.
You're cursed.
I'm sorry...
Sir...
Sir!
The future...
...where Eri is saved,
and Mirio and the others are safe...
That future...!
His power is nothing like it was before...
Was he not fighting seriously earlier?!
Lemillion, please take care of Eri!
My whole body's screaming!
But I can move!
My whole body's creaking,
and I can't keep it up for long!
But I can move!
One For All 20%!
Give it up!
It'll just end up like I said--you'll all die!
I won't let that happen!
Even if that was already decided...
I'll twist that future!
Impertinent!
I can guess the timing
based on his breaking apart,
but I can't dodge it completely!
Bear it!
Until you win!
Chisaki's not going to let up now!!
He won't give up on Eri even if he dies!
I can't take too much time!
If I injure him, he'll just repair himself!
One blow!
One blow to the top of head!
Manchester Smash!
He dodged?!
No matter how fast you are,
compared to the last two,
the lines of your movements
are simple and easy to predict.
I need to get Eri to a safer place...
No problem... Power, right?
I'm nowhere near my limit!
Move...
Move, Lemillion!
Stand...!
Stand!
Move!
Eri, hide yourself...
And wait.
Dozens of people... are acting...
to try... and save you...!
Eri, you'll be fine...
Eri!
Jeez, even if I can repair myself,
it still hurts when I break apart.
If the ground hadn't cracked into small pieces,
I would've been done in by a big spike!
I'm done.
Not yet... It's not over yet!
Jeez, Lemillion persisted like that, too.
You can't look down on the hidden
reserves of someone who won't give up.
Someone else is about to die because of you!
Is that what you want?!
Eri!
It looks like she's at her limit.
She's used up all her strength, too.
I see...
I suppose it's about time for a reset.
Let's go back to square one.
I...
...don't...
...want that!
No, stay with Lemillion!
Eri!
Eri...
Do you really think this guy can do
anything in this situation by himself?
No, I don't...
Then, what should you do?
Go back...
Eri...
In exchange...
...put everyone back the way they were!
That's right.
It's easier to be hurt yourself than
to have others get hurt for you, huh?
The faint hope that budded
with Lemillion has been smashed.
Have you realized?
That you're acting in the
cruelest way possible to Eri.
She doesn't want you.
Midoriya...
You can't save Eri anymore...
I saw the future, where you and
I are killed, and Chisaki gets away.
Even if that's the case--
Even if you don't want my help--
You're crying, aren't you?
I won't let anyone die!
I'll save you!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
I will not let go anymore!
Not now that I've gotten hold of Eri's hand.
I will not give up!
Even if Nighteye saw the
worst future with his Foresight!
Here goes, One For All!
The power created by the voices crying
for help and the hearts of the brave...
I'll release it now!
Next time, "Infinite 100%."
Break through your limits, Izuku Midoriya!
"Next time: Infinite 100%"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!